Extend roadmap: device emulation (#420)
w3c/webdriver-bidi: roadmap.md

- [x] Some items from the previous milestones
- [x] [Printing to PDF as Base64-encoded string](https://w3c.github.io/webdriver-bidi/#command-browsingContext-print)

### Device emulation

This scenario allows to emulate a device, e.g. a mobile phone, and its capabilities, e.g. screen size and pixel density. In spec terms, this involves:
- [x] Some items from the previous milestones

> - [ ] Emulating width, height, deviceScaleFactor of the view port

Author: done

> - [ ] Emulating of custom user agent

Reviewer: Would you mind filing a separate issue for user agent emulation?

Author: done

> - [ ] [Emulating width, height, deviceScaleFactor of the view port](https://github.com/w3c/webdriver-bidi/issues/415)

Reviewer: As per https://github.com/w3c/webdriver-bidi/issues/415#issuecomment-1594616971 the `deviceScaleFactor` has been moved out for now. Maybe you can add it as a separate item to this list? I don't think that an issue exists yet for it.

> - [ ] [Emulating width, height, deviceScaleFactor of the view port](https://github.com/w3c/webdriver-bidi/issues/415)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ ] [Changing the layout viewport width and height](https://github.com/w3c/webdriver-bidi/issues/415)
```

This scenario allows to emulate a device, e.g. a mobile phone, and its capabilities, e.g. screen size and pixel density. In spec terms, this involves:
- [x] Some items from the previous milestones

> - [ ] [Changing the viewport width and height](https://github.com/w3c/webdriver-bidi/issues/415)

Reviewer: I think that we should still keep the deviceScaleFactor in this list but just as another item. Maybe you can file an issue for that so it can directly be linked?
